feat: how to get new API tokens (#312)
Substra/substra-documentation: docs/source/documentation/client_configuration.rst

    )

> Generating new API tokens

Reviewer: I am not sure about putting this piece of information on this page (and then renaming something more general "How to login"). Or using a second page "How to deal with API token"

Reviewer: I slightly favor the second option (new page) as it make each page clearer.
What do you think @IC-1101asterisk @SdgJlbl?

Author: I agree, I don't think this has anything to do with the rest of the page, it should be put somewhere else
Just waiting for @SdgJlbl to voice her opinion on this

Reviewer 2: Yes, I think it's better to keep how-to guides short and focused on only one thing at a time :) 
You can create a new page "How-to generate new API tokens for login"

-----------------------------------------

> To do so you need to go to the API tokens management page on the frontend. Then you will see a list of your current token as well

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so you need to go to the API tokens management page on the web application. Then you will see a list of your current token as well
```

as an option to generate a new one. 

Clicking on this button will open a menu allowing you to pick a name and an expiration date for
your new token. 

> Afterward you will be able to see your token once, do copy it somewhere safe before proceeding with your work. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Afterward you will be able to see your token only once. Do copy it somewhere safe before proceeding with your work. 
```
